Use material name for mesh entity's Name when available (#19287)
bevyengine/bevy: release-content/release-notes/rename_spawn_gltf_material_name.md

---

> title: Re-add a name to the material Entity generated by Gltf

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Use Gltf material names for spawned material entities
```

authors: ["@rendaoer"]
pull_requests: [19287]
---

> Generate a Gltf scene in Bevy, each material will be generated as an entity, Scene -> Node -> [Material1, Material2], but the names of Material1 and Material2 here are Mesh.0, Mesh.1, Mesh + Index. If you need to determine the material name here, you need to check it from the `GltfMaterialName` component, which is not very convenient. So when generating Material, use this name as the `Name` of Entity.
> 
> To put it simply: the material name generated by Gltf changes from Mesh.1, Mesh.2 to Material1Name, Material2Name. Of course, you can still check it from `GltfMaterialName`. Using this name is just convenient for checking in tools such as Inspect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When loading a Gltf scene in Bevy, each material is spawned as an entity, storing a `GltfMaterialName` component.

These entities were previously named e.g. `Mesh.0` and `Mesh.1`. To make these entities easier to examine in inspector-style tools, they now store the same name as in `GltfMaterialName` in their `Name` component.
```
